Oh
hello vlog so I'm feeling quite
emotional today
but I thought I better film because this
might be my last few days in Cambridge
and yeah date today is Sunday the 15th
of March I mean I finished her Len tom
has finished but we have this big corona
virus pandemic going on and the
situation isn't great obviously it's all
very uncertain as to what's going to
happen how fast this virus is gonna
spread will we achieve herd immunity who
knows how much strain is going to be put
on the NHS our Health Service you know
what's for sure is that the coming weeks
are not going to be business as usual I
don't know what's going to happen with
my next and my final turn of university
in about five weeks time I should be due
to start my final term and then at the
end of that term I'll be taking my final
year exams and then graduating except
it's looking really quite unlikely at
the moment that we'll be coming back but
the start of next term I probably won't
take my final exams in the traditional
way of going to our example and sitting
down all the departments are currently
working to come up with a plan for
remote assessments and contingency
planning trying to make it perfect all
the students they've also had to think
about things like lectures which I think
that all be done remotely that doesn't
affect me because I wasn't due to have
any lectures next term anyway but quite
a few students who are supervisions
which are the small group teaching
sessions are probably all going to be
done over Skype our senior tutor at
Jesus College sent an email out today
saying if you're not home yet you know
you might want to consider going out
when you're going home and making it
soon shortly the college is gonna have
problems with staffing and you know
shortly it might be more difficult for
us to get home as well so now is the
time to make a move that it's just
particularly sad for me
because if I don't come back at all next
term which is kind of looking like it
could be the cave that's me done being a
rich you know it's my final year and I
have just loved my time here so so much
and I think that's come across in the
vlogs that I've just had the best best
time and I have made the greatest
friends and just made the greatest
memories I've just become so settled
here I'm just really really happy here
and it's just kind of all started Lee
changed a week or two ago the situation
wasn't quite this drastic and now
suddenly everyone's leaving
everyone's pack in the bag and we don't
know if we're coming back and I know the
situation that was not just about me and
obviously I'm worried for all our
vulnerable and elderly citizens and the
country and in other countries you know
it's really terrible and it's an outside
everyone's control really and everyone's
just doing the best they can and try to
pull together in this difficult time
just it hit really hit me today so this
could be the end of my time in Cambridge
and I knew the end of this academic here
after I'd finished exams when I was due
to be graduating I knew that was going
to be a difficult time and I knew I was
going to be really devastated about
leaving University but just in my mind I
thought at this point I had another term
remaining and it's just been brought
forward so fast I guess the best way to
say things is that it feels like home
for me here now and I'm just suddenly
losing that of my friends live in all
different areas of the country and we're
all gonna be scattered miles away from
each other
and I know it's not gonna be the last
time I see them and of course I've gotta
stay in touch with them it just it won't
be the same again and we won't all be
living together we're not all gonna be
all together as a group just doing those
day-to-day things but I'm also mindful
of being wrapped up on my own little
bubble at this time and I know in the
grand scheme of things this is not a big
deal it's just changed you know it's
gonna be a big change today I've just
been spending as much time as I possibly
can with all my friends he was still
here some of them have already left I
was just in tears saying goodbye to will
this morning ever
he'd left a few days ago and yeah I'm
gonna miss everyone
I've stopped working at all because I'm
not gonna be able to spend all this time
with my friends over the coming weeks
and months so I've got to make the most
of it while I can
we're gonna order a pizza this evening
I've just been told so that'd be nice
uh we're just gonna keep chatting and
having fun together for the rest of
today and yeah it's looking like my
parents are gonna pick me up tomorrow
evening hello everyone it's party time
hello vlog I've got into gaming very
sudden that now I'm a pro gamer they
have my controller I'm pretty good it
would be tax no it kicks the punches
yeah everyone's that scared of me they
know I want to watch this game
[Music]
hello look so the time is some point
past midnight I am very tired but also
I've turned over a new leaf and I don't
go to bed early no no no I am young and
I'm going to spending many days
isolation I got a week up and a week so
no bed for me we played a board game
mysterium it was it was good we lost but
it was still good now a few YouTube
videos have been shown I've kind of
forgotten what we said we were going to
do next but uhm yeah fun time good
morning everyone
so I'm really tired this morning weirdly
I stayed up to say late last night I
barely got any sleep but I have no
regrets because it was my last night
with my friends and yeah I've got to
make the most of my time with them still
we lost another today at left this
morning the rest of us are all kind of
planning on leaving today tomorrow the
next day I think I'm gonna leave this
evening my parents are gonna come and
pick me up so that means today I need to
be packing up my room but also I need to
be catching up on sleep I woke up was
really really hungry because it turns
out when you're up the longer you need X
for me it was like I was starving this
morning I just had breakfast and I'm
about to go back to bed try and get a
couple more hours sleep then I'm gonna
get up pack and get myself organized I'm
a lot less fearful today touchwood the
tears are probably going to start later
her as I am driven away from not
Cambridge but so now I am feeling okay
about things just got to make the best
of a bad situation
go home get some good solid revision
done it's gonna be some good study time
hello everyone so I have showered this
morning I am now up I'm feeling tired
but that's kind of what's expected when
you stay up late so yeah I've eaten as
well so I'm no longer hungry
that's good I need to pack up my room
now this is the current state oh I just
feel so sad really sad about packing it
up like also that my pictures as well if
I look up at all my pictures and all the
good times I've had at uni it just makes
me well off a bit more I'm not sure if
I'm gonna clear the whole room out yeah
in case I don't come back and I don't
want to pay my room rent for next term
I'm not here I mean I'm gonna be gone
for a while from here that's for sure so
I should take most of my clothes
I think packing is gonna take me a while
so I'm gonna get going
[Music]
okay so I've been distracted from
packing and I'm gonna go out with my
friends possibly play some tennis just
go for a walk it's so sunny outside I
just want to enjoy that weather while I
can yeah I packed a whole suitcase
though so you know I've made a star and
my parents aren't going to arrive until
7:30 so it should be fine hello's log
I've taken a break from hacking and I'm
now a tennis player
these are Jesus College tennis courts we
have been having a bit of a friendly
tennis rally that's they my tennis feels
about great but you know the efforts
that they've exercised at sport it's a
nice evening
[Music]
okay so I've cleared out my room feel
quite sad not sure if I'll be back
they've sent another email out today the
vice-chancellor of the university saying
what the plans are and I mean at the
moment it looks like no one's going to
be coming back next hence I've cleared
out my room now but the work will
continue and I'll just be working at
home and pay my supervisions over Skype
and sitting some form of examination I
don't know how that I do it'll all be
done remotely
so yeah hello bill I know you probably
can't see me right now cuz it's dark but
it's probably for the best climate like
a wreck trying to hold it together
driving home now we're gonna drive out
paint bridge shortly I'm just really
upset because I've had the best time
here
never the paucity is and I might not be
back at him
I mean I mean I will be back in Hayward
at some point but just perhaps felt for
an extended period of time or not
even with my friends and studying
outside my people but do you know non to
new things thanks for joining me this
term give the video like subscribe
follow me on my Instagram to keep up
with what I'm up to lots of study
content is gonna be on its way soon
because that's what I'm gonna be doing
with my time over the next few months
yeah
thanks for watching everyone bye
[Music]
you